problems/exercise_2.markdown, before:

## Linked Lists

We've talked before about linked lists.

1. In your own words, explain what a linked list is and how it works. Make sure you explain what a `node` and the `link` are.

2. If a `node` has `nil` for the `link`, what does that mean? In a list of four node, imagine the link of the second node were set to `nil`. What impact would that have on nodes three and four?

3. Imagine you have the following list:

```
Node A --> Node B --> Node C --> Node A
```

What would you call this kind of list? If you started on Node A and traversed across six links, which node would you be on?

4. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for finding an element of data in a linked list. If the element is not found, print `"Not Found"`

5. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for inserting an element at the end of a linked list.

6. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for inserting an element at position `X` of a linked list.

7. Write a *pseudocode* algortitm for counting the number of elements in a linked list.

8. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for counting the number of unique elements in a linked list.

Commit message:

Minor edits for linked lists

problems/exercise_2.markdown, after:

## Linked Lists

 Presume for these exercises that you start with an existing implementation of a normal singly-linked linked list.

1. In your own words, explain what a linked list is and how it works. Make sure you explain what a `node` and the `link` are.

2. If a `node` has `nil` for the `link`, what does that mean? In a list of four node, imagine the link of the second node were changed to `nil`. What impact would that have on nodes three and four?

3. Imagine you have the following list:

```
Node A --> Node B --> Node C --> Node A
```

What would you call this kind of list? If you started on Node A and traversed across six links, which node would you be on?

4. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for finding an element of data in a linked list. If the element is not found, print `"Not Found"`

5. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for inserting an element at the end of a linked list.

6. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for inserting an element at position `X` of a linked list.

7. Write a *pseudocode* algortitm for counting the number of elements in a linked list.

8. Write a *pseudocode* algorithm for counting the number of unique elements in a linked list.
